Add Spell Scroll Cards to deckbuilding (#850)
Heegu-sama/Homm3BG: sections/all_map_locations.tex

    \framedimage[\linewidth]{\map_locations/spell_scroll.jpg}
    \expansionlabel{stronghold}
    \caption{\small Category: \textbf{Visitable}\\

>       Take a Spell Scroll Card from its Deck and place it near your Hero Card. Draw two Spells and place them hidden at the Spell Scroll Card. You can use these Spells \protect\pagelink{Spell Scrolls Cards}{with some restrictions}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Take a Spell Scroll Card from its Deck and place it next to your Hero Card.
      Draw two Spells and place them face-down at the Spell Scroll Card.
      You can use these Spells \protect\pagelink{Spell Scrolls Cards}{with some restrictions}.
```
